Day 10
 In the morning session, we recalled the class that was taken yesterday. By remembering that, it helped us to understand much better and also helped to connect with today's session in a more effective way. 
This process was very useful as it helped me a lot to understand the core concept of the difference between the English language and programming language.
It also made it clearer why we use programming languages and in what way they are helping us in different areas. 
The language consists of Symbols, Tokens, and Expressions. Symbols include Alphabets, Numbers, and Special Characters, which are the basic building blocks.
Tokens are a collection of one or more symbols, and they form meaningful units in a program.
Expressions, on the other hand, are a collection of tokens that come together to create instructions. 
However, the validity of an expression depends on two important things: syntax and semantics. Syntax refers to the structure and rules of the language, while semantics deals with the meaning behind the expression. Without proper syntax and semantics, a program will not function correctly.
The Symbols are A-Z,a-z,0-9, and special characters like 1,@,? & etc. Tokens has types. They are noun, pronoun, verb and Adverb. Expressions are of exclamatory, Statements, Sentence. group 
of expressions are paragraphs, Sections, Chapters. while I compare this with the Java programming language that helped me a lot to connect it. 
The compilation process is the process of converting human readable source code into machine code that a computer can execute.
compiler works like the following,
1.Tokenizer
2.Syntax analyzer
3.Valid expressions
4.Machine level language
A tokenizer is a tool used to break down the sentence into smaller parts of tokens. It helps the computer to understand the process by converting it 
into a structured format that the machine can understand easily. A syntax analyzer is used to analyze syntax errors and is also used for some other important purposes. Then, 
a semantic analyzer is used to check whether it is a valid expression or not. A valid expression means it has some meaning and follows the correct structure. 
Then, using a code generator, it changes the expression into machine-level language, which the computer can process. After that, we discussed compounding. 
In compounding, we multiply what we have from the beginning itself to see how values grow over time. This concept is very useful in many areas to grow whatever,
including finance and Technical Skills. Koushik give a perfect example for compounding like using credit cards. Similarly we should compound our knowledge and skills . 
At first i thought its a new topic but after thinking about past day classes in first day of Internship there is a concept called Inverted
triangle which is mere similar to this topic. It helped me to understand and be more excited in such topics.
I understood compounding is the process of continuously building on what we know and improving our abilities over time.
Like compound Interest, small day improvement leads to significant long-term growth. This applies to all fields Technology, Business, Arts or Personal Development.
By actively applying what we know will unlock our potential in any work and leads us to success.
   
Then I went to upstairs to my mentor with curiosity like what new thing I'm gonna learn today like the previous days. Firstly I explained about Virtual machine and physical machine to
him which was For an application to use Full Operating System and its Full potential we can use Virtual machine.
Also when we wants to try different Operating system we can go with Virtual Machine. But One draw back I noticed was Virtual machine uses High resources that consume lot of power 
and will be more slower than Containerization.
Then he told me to play with Containerization , which was very new topic for me I doesn't even know what tool we can use. Then I explored everything in google and You tube.
This helped me to understand some flow of containerization. After that I get to know that we use Docker to do containerization, which is a tool that creates a containerized environment Instead of Serving files directly in Local machine or to transfer into other devices.
while using this I learned some new commands to use in Command Prompt like,
1.docker build -t my website  -To create image in Docker
2.docker run -d -p 80:80 -name my website -It creates and starts the container
3.docker restart my website - container- after any changes we restarting this container.

Finally I get an Idea about docker and its working but I have to explore a lot in that like why I created Docker file in Visual studio and My mentor told me  to transfer the website running in virtual machine to other machine and Suggested me to use Port forwarding . Such new topics makes me more curious in working of this networking and what ways we can do and 
solve problems .
Thank you.







