Day 11
Today I thought as usual the morning session would be a class on the 2nd floor, but instead, we went to the 3rd floor to meet our mentors. 
My mentor asked me about the previous tasks like Containerization and connecting the Virtual Machine with other devices.
I did that task, but I didn't understand everything I did, like why I used Nginx here.
I thought that by using it, only we could connect with another server.
Also, on the web page while running, instead of showing the website that I was hosting from the Virtual Machine,
it was displaying the Nginx welcome page. I didn't understand what was happening or what the problem was.
The only thing I figured out was that my Virtual Machine was connected to the Physical Machine using Port Forwarding.
Then my mentor told me to check whether the website was running correctly inside Nginx in the Virtual Machine.
That’s when I understood that I could host the website using VS Code even without Nginx. 
Nginx is like a server that helps us in an efficient way by making things faster and using fewer resources.
So, instead of making things more complex, I chose to use the Live Server in Visual Studio, which works similarly but is slightly slower. 
Then I got to know that Port Forwarding is a technique that helps connect other devices to a private network. 
In my Virtual Machine, I changed the accessing port to 8080 so that it could be connected with other devices.
In Port Forwarding, I changed the guest Visual Studio Code into 5500 because the Live Server uses it by default.
Then, I set the host port as 8080, which will be connected to my Physical Machine.
At first, I thought that by using Port Forwarding, we could use the Virtual Machine’s local IP to connect it with other devices on the same network. 
Later, I understood that Port Forwarding is just a way to tell the Virtual Machine to change the host port and
allow the Physical Machine to connect to the guest port where the Live Server is running.
The remaining steps were very understandable, just like the last time I did them on my Physical Machine. 

Finally I can able to connect my virtual server with physical server by port forwarding ,but I cant connect with other devices in the same network. for a while I tried to do this, then I get
to know some thing is blocking my system to share the port with other devices , which I thought was Fire wall . And I learned a command to disable fire wall ==//netsh advfirewall set allprofiles state off//-- and to check whether its active or not use --//netsh advfirewall show allprofiles//--. 
As I thought fire wall is blocking the access. After disabling it everything works properly.
Like this seeing the result after searching for a while and solving the problem helps me to understand more and
increase my curiosity to learn and connect the 
working of network. Then my mentor showed me by connecting the office server with his laptop that is connected in mobile hotspot.
which he said was Port forwarding but to connect with different networks we need authentication of server like name password or something helps to access it.
Then I explored the topic OSI model in Internet .I get to know there are seven layers 
1.Physical Layer,2.Data-Link Layer,3.Network Layer,4.Transport Layer,5.Session Layer,6.Presentation Layer,7.Application Layer,
Each layer have its own work like security, understanding...etc. OSI model comes between two Devices(Sender and Receiver) In Top to bottom and Bottom to top.
In simple terms, it specifies how a network functions and separate the way that systems send information to each other.

After that my mentor asked me about why use containerization instead of virtual machine and their difference . 
First I thought Containerization use the Physical machines Operating System it won't use other Operating System like Virtual Machine.
Then he told to deploy other operating system into Container I have no Idea about that . 
And in my opinion its not possible but I have to prove it or I have to learn some thing new about Containerization.
Also I explored Some concepts like TCP,IP in Networking helped me to understand some core concepts.
Then I again searched about the docker file that I created Inside the Vs code and understood about that which was,

FROM nginx:latest- It will use the latest Nginx image as base
RUN rm -rf /usr/share/nginx/html/*- It removes default Nginx files
COPY . /usr/share/nginx/html- It copies the Html and other files to the Nginx web directory
EXPOSE 80- It allows Port 80 to external access
CMD ["nginx", "-g", "daemon off;"]- It starts the Nginx when the container runs

In conclusion,  Today I learned more Practical than theoretical which helped me to understand the core concepts in Port Forwarding and Containerization .
Because of this I have Zero regrets cause I'm learning something new every day. 
I'm very excited to learn new things in upcoming days that helps to increase my knowledge in Networking.
Thank you.



