Day 6 
 Today is my day 6 in surfboard payments. As I thought learned some interesting things that needed for my growth .
  The class started with recalling the Problem Solving topics taken in the previous days like ,Understanding the problem, list Down the constraints, 
  write down the operation, Breaking down the problem, Solve the most Constrained part, Solving by the operations that satisfying the constraints.
  But today I learned the Breaking down the problem much better by remembering the sudoku game and also get to know that I have to break down it until I solve it.
  Then He started the pending topic "Preposition" .
  Firstly I thought why we have to learn this, cause there is only "True or False" other side I'm very curious to learn some thing new.
  its like mathematical representation and connections. At beginning I was confused to connect this and get a Idea about Proposition ,
  then he used an example which was to understand about proposition.
  a)My car is painted red 
  b)My car is park in the corner  
  Then he thought this with some mathematical concepts that I learned in school likely Disjunction, Conjunction, Negation.
  Disjunction(^)-In this either one of the statement will be true
  Conjunction(v)-In this both the statement will be true

  Then we get Depth in the topic by using,
  a)You get an A in maths
  b)You will get an iPhone
  If you get an A in maths, you get an I phone- In this statement he get a iPhone if he get A in maths.
  He will get the iPhone even he didn't get A in maths- Here the first statement (a) is not important cause any way he gets iPhone.
  In this if the first statement is true and Second Statement is false then the conditional class will be true.
  If and only if you get A in maths , you will get an iPhone. In this statement there is equal percent of chance for each statement ,at the starting its difficult to understand.
  Then He used ven diagram to explain that's explained everything well.
  
  Then Afternoon we got mentors in different domains .My mentor is Jerfin who is working as in Infrastructure Operations .I don't have any Idea in this domain but he explained 
  everything from basics like the life cycle of software engineering with the concept SDLC. SDLC is like a framework in software developing. it helps to provide good quality software in 
  low cost .The main thing that I understood in this is a plan for each stage helps to perform task efficiently. It will works in Planning ,Designing ,Developing, Testing and Deployment
  Then I get to know about Deployment in SDLC, which area I have to work.
  After the detailed explanation ,he told about Surfboard payments and its products how its helping to Merchants.
  Surfboard payments providing software based and Terminal based products with Implication of software's .They provide various ways of payment methods to users especially iPhone
  users with the Tap to pay options . Because of this they don't need any extra Terminal.
  Also I get to know about the server and how its working using request and response, but I don't have prior knowledge in networking which is hard to understand. Then he explained the 
  basic concepts with easy understanding examples which might helps to connect the dots. 
   

     
  
  
  
  